Dream Coming True by Parents


        Walking down the street, I saw a  river that was so long and  beautiful the air was so fresh in the morning. The mystic rivers look as if diamonds are falling in the sky. One day, I found myself walking by the Mystic River wondering about the changes that took place in my life right after I took my first step toward the city. The name I live in now is Medford. As time passes, I think of myself once upon a time playing in the playground near our house in Kalol, India. I grew up in a very pleasant city in which a person’s whole life would pass with ease and comfort, In which the neighbor's house would give the same comfort as our own. In Kalol, people's mentality was that the neighbors were our first relatives. That means if we are in trouble the first person to come to help is our neighbor.
The only thing I didn't like about growing up in kalol was the education system in India. A person would spend more than 45 hours a week (including Saturdays!) in a classroom with chipped paint and scratched an old blackboard. The education system is not that huge, and some cities do not even have the high level of education required for a certain age. There is a big difference in teaching pedagogy between India and the United state. In India, they think that the quantity of time is more than the quality of  time. Watching me struggle with my education, my parents thought that it would be better for me to do my further studies abroad than in our own country which was not proving fruitful at all.
My first step into Medford in the bright sunshine made me feel positive. It made me feel that my parents made the world’s best choice, and my first steps into Middle School made me feel that I have a future. At first it was tough for our family to get everything set up but as time passed we were good to go because of family support. I am in my sophomore year of highschool right now. As I look out over the mystic river it makes me wonder how my high school years are going to pass.  Where am I going to be after I graduate? What will my future bring? I hope I have the answer for that too. 
I'm[a] studying computer science and trying to  pursue my dream to become a Robotic Engineer. I see myself working as a Robotic Engineer in a well reputed company. I see myself inventing things that would help people in their daily life and make hard work easier. The only thing I learned throughout my life was if you help people they will help you when you need it, the way my parents have helped me by moving to the United States for better education. 
I reached the end of the Mystic river and that's where I came back to reality. The journey of my life is to become a success but the only thing I keep in mind is the hardship and the success goes parallel in life[b], you have to maintain both of them equally, otherwise they will cause you hard time.  I understand now that there is no shortcut in success. 
This is beautiful! I love the reflection on your past and future. As it is, this essay would receive a grade of ~91/92. If you make the small changes I suggest, you will easily bump that up to an A. You have great insight and motivation for a young man in high school! I very much admire your spirit. Let me know if you have any questions :)
        
[a]Consider starting a new paragraph here. This feels like a separate thought to me.
[b]This sentence is a bit vague. I suggest you add some specifics and elaborate a bit more. For example, how do you define success? What do you mean by the word?